Suggest option to use `phx-track-static` (#1416)
phoenixframework/phoenix_live_view: guides/introduction/installation.md

Once you have specified a root layout, "app.html.eex" will be rendered within your root layout for all non-LiveViews. You may also optionally define a "live.html.leex" layout to be used across all LiveViews, as we will describe in the next section.

> Optionally, if you are Phoenix v1.5.2 or later, you can add a [`phx-track-static`](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix_live_view/Phoenix.LiveView.html#static_changed?/1) to all `script` and `link` elements that uses `src` and `href`. So that it gets automatically reloaded when the target assets changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can add a [`phx-track-static`](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix_live_view/Phoenix.LiveView.html#static_changed?/1) to all `script` and `link` elements that uses `src` and `href`. This way you can detect when new assets have been deployed by calling `static_changed?`.
```
